Thanks for trying
=================

I want to thank you all for trying to stop Donald Trump. I started voteswap
because doing nothing was not acceptable. Thank you for joining me in not
doing nothing. In the end, the combined efforts of the Clinton campaign, the
other vote trading websites like trumptraders.org and makeminecount.org, and
the legions of volunteers across the country were not enough to overcome the
popular revolution headed by Donald Trump.

In Florida, Gary Johnson got 206,007 votes and Hillary Clinton lost by 119,770.
Clinton lost Pennsylvania by 68,236, and North Carolina by 177,529 votes.
That's a wide margin that vote trading probably couldn't have overcome, even if
it were much more popular. This isn't like 2000, where 537 votes set the
direction of the country for the next eight years. This was a real popular
movement that couldn't be stopped.

I know you're all unhappy about the outcome; so am I. I took yesterday off of
work to volunteer for local races (YIMBY did pretty well in San Francisco), and
I took today off of work to let it sink in. This election has served as a
nucleation point for me: I've never been more involved in politics and I'll
keep getting more involved in the future. I hope you feel the same.
Non-participation in our democracy isn't an option with good outcomes.

I'll be deleting all user accounts in the coming days. I believe in strong
privacy rights and since there's no need for me to keep your information, then
you deserve to have me delete it. If you'd like to stay informed about any
future developments in voteswap.us, please email steven@voteswap.us and I'll
keep your information around.

Everything will be ok. Trump doesn't have the authority to follow through on
his most incendiary claims. Ivanka Trump is his most trusted advisor and she'll
guide him on Women's rights and healthcare; she'll have a moderating force on
his presidency. He's also now firmly within the Republican political
establishment, which has no great love for him and has actual policy goals
they want to achieve. He'll end up being personally relatively powerless but
soak up lots of credit and adulation for the policy changes the party will
enact.

I believe in our republic, and I believe in our people. We'll get through this.
See you again in four years.

Cheers,
Steven
